In doing this failure of a lab, I’m considering it a win. I haven’t forced myself to document this extensively or explain my thought process before. Here are some conclusions I came to in doing this lab: 
1.	Plan but don’t over-plan. Know your equipment and if you can produce the result you want. I should’ve checked to see if my routers had USB ports and if they did, see if the router detects the USB. Even though I didn’t know you could just boot into the USB, I should’ve done some more intense digging to see if my desired goal was possible. 
2.	Make considerations and document them. Some of the biggest things I learned came from the considerations. Asking questions, searching for the answer, and answering them was the greatest help to piece together some of my knowledge and see where I struggle. 
3.	Plan out test cases and the expected outcomes. I should’ve drawn out test cases to begin with to help keep everything straight. When I came up with test cases, some of them I didn’t think through. Certain outcomes should’ve been predicted, such as network segmentation or the placement of the NSM. 
4.	Keep security in mind. In one of the initial plans, port forwarding, or port mirroring was planned. In doing research, I came across ‘the device being mirrored to is only as safe as the device you’re mirroring.’ I want to keep the NSM safe so I decided there will be a firewall even if it means failing. 
5.	Documentation is everything. I didn’t have to try to keep everything straight in my mind and I won’t make the same mistakes in later homelabs.
6.	Things are (slowly) coming together. I’ve mostly done book/certification studying, and software homelabs, but haven’t really done much with hardware. This helped me see some fundamental connections I haven’t seen before now. 
