One of the goals of this lab is to get the proof-of-concept correct or close to correct before implementing it so I’ll be making some notes in the process. 

After reviewing everything so far, there are a few concerns that come to mind: 
1.	*Is the NSM going to monitor the ASUS router since it’s connected to the TP-Link router?* Initially, I was thinking the port mirroring will copy all traffic passing through ASUS will be copied over to TP-Link since it’s port mirrored. After trying to piece together what I relatively understand about networking, I don’t think that’s right. From my understanding, 2 routers will segment but the intial proposal will defeat the purpose of the NSM and already going against one of our objectives. 
    a.	Instead, create a guest network on the second router or an AP. This will end up being an internal and external network on ASUS, then a possible internal and external network or just one on TP-Link for guests to connect. I would only use the external ASUS network. The NSM would then be hardwired on ASUS and port mirroring of TP-Link. It looks like the methodology instructions will work besides the port mirroring and connecting the NSM. 
2.	*Is my ISP going to charge me for two public IPs?* I know it’s a dumb question, but this is the level of networking understanding I’m working with currently and I want to document everything right now. I’m thinking no because the port connections, we’ll be connecting ASUS LAN to TP-Link LAN. If we were to connect both routers to the ISP modem, then yes. If we were to connect ASUS LAN to TP-Link WAN, the network would just break in my experience.
3.	*Is having multiple networks going to delay my internet speeds?* I don’t know if adding another router to the existing will _increase_ its speed but if there was different setup, including switches, then yes, two routers should increase the network speeds. I doubt the number of networks will change the speed. The number of devices won’t change throughout this process.
4.	The NSM can’t just be setup in promiscuous mode (it would also make this way too easy). Promiscuous mode is to monitor every device on the network you’re scanning from. If we were to set Wireshark into promiscuous mode, it will scan the devices that are also connected to the same network as Wireshark. Since there will be multiple networks setup in this, promiscuous mode won’t work. 

*Lessons Learned (it was a lot):*
-	*The importance of planning before doing.* The concept and proof-of-concept did not align. I tried something similar to this a while back and it backfired in my face. I connected ASUS LAN to TP-Link WAN and broke my network. That was fun… I thought maybe a collision occurred or just human error in the configuration. Each router should’ve broken up the collision and broadcast domain so that shouldn’t be the issue. Maybe the there was a collision due to the duplex speeds? 
-	With the same initial methodology, but the outcome is the TP-Link router turns into an access point. With that access point, I’d be able to connect to my external network on ASUS router and have everyone else connect to the AP just to prevent people from getting into my internal-internal network.
-	APs can be configured as Wifi-extenders or guest networks.
-	You can connect a USB stick into your router, have the router recognize it, and treat it as a NAS or a network drive! I didn’t even know a NAS was a network drive, it makes sense, I just didn’t connect the two -_-. 
